singlestore setup guide (#120)
agno-agi/agno-docs: vectordb/singlestore.mdx

## Setup

```shell
docker run -d --name singlestoredb \
  -p 3306:3306 \
  -p 8080:8080 \
  -e ROOT_PASSWORD=admin \
  -e SINGLESTORE_DB=AGNO \
  -e SINGLESTORE_USER=root \
  -e SINGLESTORE_PASSWORD=password \
  singlestore/cluster-in-a-box

docker start singlestoredb
```

After running the container, set the environment variables:

```shell
export SINGLESTORE_HOST="localhost"
export SINGLESTORE_PORT="3306"
export SINGLESTORE_USERNAME="root"
export SINGLESTORE_PASSWORD="admin"
export SINGLESTORE_DATABASE="AGNO"
```

> You can also use cloud or local setup. Follow the instructions in the [SingleStore Setup Guide](https://docs.singlestore.com/cloud/connect-to-singlestore/connect-with-mysql/connect-with-mysql-client/connect-to-singlestore-helios-using-tls-ssl/) to setup SingleStore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SingleStore supports both cloud-based and local deployments. For step-by-step guidance on setting up your cloud deployment, please refer to the [SingleStore Setup Guide](https://docs.singlestore.com/cloud/connect-to-singlestore/connect-with-mysql/connect-with-mysql-client/connect-to-singlestore-helios-using-tls-ssl/).
```
